Possible names:
Reset the Clock
X Days Since Last Accident
Working Hazard

Repeatable, what timeout is the best? 1 day minimum, with some percentage each day to trigger? Definitely do MCM setting, with ability to turn the thing off.

Ways to trigger? Clocktick script or figure out story manager thing? Maybe location change would be better?

Quest start:
a) Courier appears with letter like "If you're reading this please come to our house as soon as possible." Improve on this writing, add mention that this is kind of automated thing to be sent.
b) Starts itself with journal entry like "It was quite some time since I've talked with Nodaba, I should go and check how she is." Improve this text if used.
Which approach is better?
C) Other option - Nobada gives player some kind of artifact/soulstone which will alarm if something goes wrong

Research points regen paused, when is proper way to apply something to Nodaba? The devices should lock even if actors 3d is unloaded. 

Should she to be prevented from struggling out on her own? Although she will not escape even one weak device if player immediately fast travels to the house...

How player should help her out of everything else, usually NPCs won't allow it, except for arm binds. Ask IHMK, probably there's some simple way to do it.

Can we catch events of devices being removed? Would be useful for running quest end conditions and future comments from NPCs. Although quest dialogue with condition would work as well.

What reward player should receive? Based on level of accident, with no regard to actual effort put in? I.e. wait out for Nodaba to struggle herself out on her own and get reward? Should this be allowed?
If we reward for actual effort - need to catch helper events with the result of them. Maybe count condition hp taken off the devices to count the gold in reward?


On other note - add research costs reduce for having good relationship with Nodaba.


---
This will depend on general bondage helper quest.
Start game enabled, repeatable stages. Misc category.

Stage 0 - initial, clear help target alias, reset all variables
tied dialogue "Need help with this bondage?", check for zad_lockable worn, fills target alias, sets modevents listeners, makes switch to stage 100. Sets objective "Help %target name% escape" (read up on how to add here text of fly)
Do they always agree to be helped or add some random chance to decline help? In this case has to make sure to blacklist them, rolling formlist?

Stage 100 - main helper Stage
tied dialogue "Here's some keys/lockpicks for you", keys are one at time, lockpicks in pack of 10.
"I'll help you with this" - should kick off standard UD helper dialogue, starting with device select.
"Rest is up to you" - should kick off to stage 200, but probably reduce accumulated reward in half.

modevents listeners react to devices being removed, each time checking if any devices left.
Also need some kind of clocktick modevent running, should check for devices left and also failsafe to reset this quest.
Failsafes include:
help target dead
player being far away from help target longer than 24 ingame hours (value needs refining)

tie dialogue here with another char who wears zad_lockable? this might alleviate need for clocktick

No device left - mark objective to help complete, set new objective "Get your reward", set stage to 200

stage 200 - reward stage, when switched to it - disable modevent listeners.
tied dialogue "Now about my reward", give option to say "I don't need money for helping friends" to improve relationship (need to set some values cap or good enough as is?). 
They always pay? Or give some random option of "You're so great but I don't have money to pay...". What player should be able to do in this case? "Then pay with your body" in addition for option above? "I'll get your items then" and open character's inventory to get anything? No limits in this case?
after reward resolution mark objective complete, disable clocktick and switch to stage 0.
