Nodaba tells about Urag:
Heard about librarian Orc in the College, descriptions of him hint at him being interested in kinky things.
Imporve wording here?

Outcome 1 Make option to turn in the quest if the book in inventory, add comments about missed opportunity
Outcome 2 Bought for 1000 gold
Outcome 3 Bought for 100 gold
Outcome 4 Got for free

3 and 4 allow for research share

Bookcase trap:
	Simple - paralyze, blackout, follower dismiss, player jailed. Probably not worth too much of effort.

Initial dialogue:
	Ask about book
	He offers it for 1000 gold and asks what for
		Not your business - results in 2 options, buy for 1000, leave
		Tell about research, can be a good discussion here
			He wants demonstration of the effect and willing to drop price to 100 gold for the book - check inventory for black goo present, make dialogue options for both variants, plus previous 2 options.
				talk to him after getting bound (check for heavy bondage) and get offer to be used for reward, if yes - trap disabled, free access to bookcase, no - move stage to allow to get book for 100. Relationship caps at 1

Research share: Check vars on the research and this quests, make initial dialogues.
	tell about goo balls, get some reward
	tell about abadon weapons, get some reward
	tell about abadon ring, get some reward
	tell about chargable plugs, get some reward
	tell about controllable plugs, get some reward
tell about these and get offer to demonstrate effects:	
	conc black goo, purified, abadon plug - bound and whipped? (whipping optional?) (Think about possible other things to do here...) Relationship caps at 2
	cursed goo - both fucked and whipped as finale, non-optional because punishment? Relationship caps at 3
	execution - big reward, maybe make scene of legs bound and pumped plug if possible. Relationship caps at 4. 

Additional research (repeats): simple this quest vars check, all dialogues are assumed to be repeats. Probably not all? 
No checks for having these potions, provided by Urag for variety? 
Maybe disallow softcore on these repeats?
How to pace these and is it needed? Maybe add some kind of gold gathered counter, more vars on - faster it goes?
	black goo - getting bound and fucked (make the latter optional?)
	conc black goo and purified goo, abadon plug - same?
	cursed goo - same?
	execution - same scene? Another idea - to dismiss follower, lock up all items in the chest, any attempt to talk to Urag ends with sex until all out of restraints. Possible addition - hanging on bondage pole head down. Say because it wasn't tight enough previously. Overkill?